we're back on the desert and we're going
to be watching the tyranids of tech also
known as man of feir feir playing as the
hiy town probably secondary main after
the war boss going to be facing off
against pax's chaos sorcerer pretty
tough one for chaos sorcerer to be
fair so there's a bit of known knowledge
that the chaos sorcerer kind of
struggles when he's in tanky melee
Heroes and the reason for that is the K
sorcerer himself doesn't have a ranged
weapon and he's quite
squishy actually does similar DPS in
melee to the Kord in fact I think he
does more and he has a stronger special
but it's still not a lot the Kord can
get the comie Bolter and then use that
to shoot this big [__] AR ranged
because Kord or k saucerer going smell
this Sky it's going to be a problem both
of them do very bad damage when they're
trying to chase him move hi
T now you're playing chaos as well so
you've got two squads of Heretics who
have no business getting anywhere near
the H tant and then you CSM
Squad they range Squad but they do less
range damage than tactical Marines yet
they cost nearly as much so you see the
problem here you've got a lack of range
damage and this is exactly the problem
the hyp tant just chases you into the
base and then if the Heretics are trying
to melee him down they're going to get
gobbled up quite quickly should claar
another I could have claimed that model
and then retreated honestly he could
have claimed even another model in
addition to that probably would have
been worth it when you're killing models
early on and nothing else has hit that
Squad whose model was killed you can see
the chunk of XP you get Heretics have a
very low XP yield yet nonetheless you
got that big chunk just from killing one
heretic imagine if he killed three my
God you'd be like here nearly halfway
leveled up it'd be
amazing and that's what you want to do
you want to fish for that EXP early on
while it's very free now this is not a
good engagement here with the Heretics
lightering I don't think the homot want
to go into melee I'm not sure why the
CSM and Heretics are so fearful oh
they're waiting for this bran Champion
they could have committed they could
have committed very easily Pax always
does this he loves to go for a light
tier one with two AC Heretics and a CSM
and not really get any tier 1.5 which is
a bit of a crazy move against tyranids
due to the early game pressure that the
tyranids can exert and especially if
you're facing a hive tant you would
generally want a Havoc to try and Zone
it similar deal with melee base warriors
with that leap into combat and that
durability you would like to have a
Havoc they can't counter a Havoc
directly they'd have to flank
it yeah but Pax doesn't do that
so we'll see how we can manage the map
control it's going to be tricky this is
not really the best use of the hi Tower
and having the AC on the tick makes them
a lot more robust
okay but the Hing guns are coming so
that's all
right still double aspiring Champion
Heretics yeah that's going to be a bad
day now whilst I was just going to say
there you go beautiful whilst the hi
tant is melling the CSM there is a
chance that he will proc that
360° special which could be very painful
to any Heretics that are trying to Melly
him down so that's something to be aware
of as the chaos player here there you go
another one bang he will proc those
specials at a very high rate not because
the percentage chance to proc those
specials is higher than anyone else it
isn't but because he attacks very quick
so that percentage chance in a minute
applies a lot more often than another
hero would that attacks slower so the
actual rate of spe special attacks per
minute is a lot higher on the hive tant
it's something to bear in mind really if
you're going to be using your
Heretics to try and chop him down you
want to make sure he doesn't Prof the
melee charge against the CSM because as
soon as he gets the melee charge he will
be proing those specials and it will
hurt your Heretics quite a bit lucky
special attack there from the champion
on the the hogart But ultimately hogart
is more of a range counter than a melee
counter they deal with melee only when
they're in synapse and they've got
support of
knockback So speaking of knockback we
might see some of those War gears coming
out for the hive T youve got the rening
talons in tier one gives you that
seismic
raw big AOE knock back and a damage over
time
could be pretty good against these
Heretics you've also got the extended
carer pace which will give you that
charge which does damage and knock back
and Mobility probably less needed than
the rending talons that said Tex is
going to know how Pax plays Pax always
plays like this You' got to be careful
about the tier 2 blood that is coming
out quite fast so you don't want to over
invest in tier one too much going to go
for the bioplasma Apparently that is not
one of the things I was expecting
honestly not sure how it does against
Garrison so I'm kind of curious to see
this he's obviously waiting right now
got the hogon on the Garrison keeping
the CSM inside he going to go for that
bioplasma let's see what it does here
Hong move out of the way bang not a lot
hey it killed the CSM though the damage
over time from it apparently is is all
right
yeah yeah not not the best to spend 100
requisition and 20 power against that
yeah not not
great seems the modifier against
Garrison is not very good we are losing
aition he at least they killed a CSM I
don't know how they killed a CSM to be
quite
honest like the thing it's meant to be
AOE damage so how did all the damage go
into one model I don't get it very
weird coruscating flame yeah that will
scare off any homant AOE fire damage to
anyone nearby those Heretics while it's
active oh my God look at that special
that sorcerer just proed special does
get buffed quite a lot when he's got the
flame sword but yeah this is a 2v one if
they don't get the backlash the Heretics
are going to be in a bad way sorcerer is
going to go for that backlash now the
Warriors don't want that
heat just knock him over and then
disengage which is good player let the
termers DPS him
down all
right I've turn pretty much on contend
did only the CSM can really deal with it
but the good thing is the hi T's slow so
you can kind of just evade
him no upgrades on the high tant I guess
he'll go for his crushing claws in tier
two and just be a melee Menace again
controlling the Cs with the warrior
knock back very nice letting the harmers
and the turers double tag team the
Heretics here which is
good nice little crippling poison K
saucerer wants to get out of there
so not bad player there CSM are going to
Route the harmers but at least they got
the Decap well Tex remember yep loses a
few gauns but what can you do you
playing tyranid you're going to lose
gauns it's like losing Heretics on chaos
it's going to happen it's an
inevitability could have maybe saved a
modeler to if we reacted a little faster
but it's not a big deal so both players
going to teer two at a similar time
packs with a lighter build in terms of
requisition but but to be fair quite
expensive in terms of power you know two
hero upgrades here and both these
upgrades more expensive than the
bioplasma as well AC AC and eternal War
as well plus icon indicates that they do
have a different visual effect as well
so yeah packs even though he went three
units probably spending similar to Tex
in tier one to be honest in the end here
comes a bioplasma oh
miss good Dodge by pack seen it winding
up pulled his Heretics off that point
now he can get back onto it that thing
will hurt Heretics quite a
bit it is Big Splash damage and Heretics
obviously a lot of model so they will
suffer from a bioplasma I imagine two
biop plasmas will kill literally every
heretic won't kill the SP Champion
though Squad wouldn't wipe Heretics
trying to stall here you've got melee
synapse now so these hormas will get
more melee skill more damage more health
and of course these Warriors have got
way more HP But Here Come the blood
letters Cor getting flamed down on the
ticks as well pretty spooky they don't
want this fight nope no
thanks H Heretics are committing a bit
deep
though we going to say yeah the NS
should be able to turn around and just
kill these Heretics and then get the
Warriors out of there before the blue
letters pop
them oh using a demonic summoning wow
that's uh big commitment I'm surprised
so obviously Heretics reinforcing here
as you can see
off of the
portal but is it worth it not sure like
it's a lot of requisition
here that's being spent reinforcing
these Heretics constantly you're feeding
a lot of XP to the nids if the Warriors
level up it does improve the synapse as
well not just the durability of
the the Warriors
themselves tant got to be careful
probably needs to get out of there he
does and then we got a tyrant guard to
deal with but now you've got
the the problem in this patch where the
tant guard doesn't have melee resist
sorry doesn't have ranged resist when in
melee so if you go Mark of Z you will
absolutely melt this
thing but you know there's plenty of
melee units to tie up the Z Marines here
and that's what he's going to have to do
these Heretics are probably dead yeah
way too slow retreating there oh these
guys might get out die last Model is a
bit of a [__] wow the backlash saved
them oh my
God very fortunate backlash there onto
the Warriors don't think the blood leers
want this fight now they need to just
get out of there they're not going to be
able to catch these Warriors and they're
getting numbed on by we
the yeah I mean in spite of all that
reinforcement of the Heretics I guess it
was worth it because still got enough
requisition for a chaos dreadnut
now we're going to need to see a Venom
brood from Mana fifth as well though
crushing claw hi Tyrant could definitely
take it on in
melee the bonded
exoskeleton the psychic scream would be
amazing in big army versus army fights
but to be honest I've seen the hive tant
sort of gen side capping mostly yeah I
did see that as well
T guard going to force off the Cs there
but what's what's the answer to this Kos
dreadnut I'm curious are you going to go
for the the Venom brood obviously could
be tied up with blood letters vulnerable
to Marco as well Marco would be obvious
no Jean Stealers
what interesting oh they managed to pick
up one of the Heretics I guess they were
too deep trying to cap they did cap the
the natural there of TCH so putting the
VP pressure on you can see that Tex is
way behind the VPS here okay I don't
like this
engagement remember the big weakness of
the tarant Guard is his lack of speed
certainly went out of synapse still in
synapse now thanks to the HT but you got
to be careful if this guy Retreats then
this guy's moving very
slow so I'm guessing he has to try and
kill this in melee now so he needs to go
bonded exoskeleton crushing Claw on the
hi
to I mean I suppose he could go Venom
Cannon but I really don't think that' be
a good
idea cuz he's just going to get tied
up I don't know why Pax is not getting
Mar of Z it's quite bloody obvious right
now you're fighting Warriors T guard and
I
tan Mar in will be huge so here are the
genene Stealers they are essentially
homot on steroids they do heal
themselves when they're in melee
chopping they've got power meley by
default so they'll do even more damage
than homon to CSM and the most notable
thing about gen Stealers is they have 70
melee skill by default so you give them
melee synapse and they go to 80 and that
means they will flip basically anything
that can be knocked over is going to get
flung around by Jean stealers in
melee cuz they out melee skill
everything still quite vulnerable to AOE
though as well as just being shot on
approach cuz they are only light
infantry and they're not super durable
but they're relatively
cheap so they got the job done there
along with the Warriors and the tarant
guard oh wow double dreadn what the
heck PAX really is not bleeding at all
is he I mean to be fair I don't even
know if he's lost a CSM model all game
so I don't think he's lost the blood
Letter yet either oh my God we're seeing
double condra not double no no yeah what
the [__] why would you go double that is
a heavy commitment I'd have just gone
one and kept the auto Cannon for a bit
of range DPS we're going to see The Hive
T going for crushing Claws and bonded
exoskeleton like I wanted to see yeah
damn this guy's going to brawl with the
con dreadnots let's see how that goes
shall we certainly the con dreadnots are
going to absolutely rip a tant garden
Warriors to
Pieces Tex is going to have to get a
Venom brood now there there's no way
nothing about
it it's only
the the underslung Bolter there on them
for range damage and you can see that's
not so fearsome nothing like the auto
cannon on the default dreadn
so you're not too worried about sort of
cating around the
map rippers in play
cool fortunately CSM pretty decent in
melee so they can melee them down quite
easily ter against not so
good oh my God that special attack so
deadly jeez manam
yeah double dread knots is so strong at
the moment with
chaos that default dreadnut is just a
beast suppose the good thing with chaos
sorcerer is you can always W these guys
out so there's always a nice Synergy
ironically by playing as the K sorcerer
going the
K Wow Texas is going tier three oh my
God that is bold he's behind on VPS as
well he's mad why would you do that I
also don't know what the hi T's doing
the hi T was just gen bashing
there which is quite
weird needs to be in the main fights
here committing against the
dreadnut going to claim a bloodlet
model
goodbye going to have to bond it
exoskeleton gets another blood Letter
yep there's the exoskeleton and now
walks way so the dreadnots aren't in
Retreat path as best as he can he's not
that fast
though yeah it'll be all right I
think oh my God he's not saucer is going
to get him oh oh the saucer didn't swing
oh he's going to teleport after him
there you go yeah claims the High
T you see why was he so far
behind can now be from the
I can't believe he just skipped tier two
to go tier three that is mental against
these I I don't understand if the VPS
were inverted here and TCH had a load of
VPS and time to play with but he is
running out of VP so
fast and I really don't understand what
the H Tyrant was doing so far forward
behind the Enemy Lines that was strange
these garrisons over here proving a bit
problematic wow look at the speed of
genene steals man they are fast
obviously calling in some spawn mines
here out the tower they can clear out
the bunker but the G still is disengaged
so it's kind of
pointless might not even be calling him
in taking
forever I think he give up on it
I am also stunned that the CSM have not
gone for Mar of each that is absolutely
bizarre demonic summoning once again
trying to
reinforce not a lot CU there's nothing
to
reinforce I don't know what the point of
this is I mean you get a few extra blood
letters but that's a lot of red to spend
for that I mean is that worth it there's
no real anti vehicle just phe out the
bloodz and leave let the car dreadnots
handle this push them away and then the
blood is can on the V P VP pressure is
really on still draining for teex 90 VPS
I think the problem I've got here with
these double dreadnots is they're always
together and so you can just kite them
tyranids are renowned for their
speed
so you just avoid them
right half t on the gens again
interesting
choice this is a very unorthodox play
style to say the least I think these
Heretics should just go cap they're not
going to be contributing much damage at
this point to a bonded exoskeleton hi T
they're literally just feeding them
levels and yeah Pax is is Gen bashing
instead of going after the VPS what on
Earth is this
game Bud letterers could have had this
CAU finally goes after the
VP Victory never bothered Mar of zinch
which is mental against tyranids Mar of
zinch is so good nice je Steeler Ambush
there though if they stay immobile they
infiltrate and yeah that's that's pretty
scary with that power melee damage and
the speed of them they're going to get
that other model oh my God they've hit
him so much
Jesus can't believe they didn't get that
other model there uh bad spot for
Heretics do blast might save them there
yeah it did if they retreated this way
they might have been gunners
so yeah Pax is uh currently saving up
for a gr and clean one the problem is
he's in tier
two
yeah wrong tech for the great and quean
one mate obviously should have gone tier
three a long time ago
UPG I don't know what he's doing
here we've still got enough power in the
bank from Tech to get a far back C
effects so he is just I'm not even going
to say doubling down on the the melee
I'm going to say he's tripling down on
the melee with these three bad boys go
on take the fight take the fight chip at
this there's only one heretic there to
heal this is a a pretty good state to be
in going to Shield wall okay there's a
heretic running down now but these are't
demons
so just going to Shield
or if they're going to chop you in melee
while you're in Shield wall while you
while you get free damage from the hi T
and the car effects this guy's literally
rocking the highest DPS weapon in the
game right now on a hero 108 heav M DPS
they're going to get wrecked I just gone
into Shield wall yeah it's going to
require some plague Marines now to snare
this Farm back and actually do some
anti- vehicle damage they not going to
be able to use havocs not with rippers
going around and these guys none of them
can be
suppressed yeah tyranids smashing the
con dreadnots in melee I mean it's a
bold move going into melee against
tyranids that was nice he walked one of
the dreadnots out to this side can
handle all these tyranids Gene Stealers
now have got heavy melee reinforcing off
the brood Nest 293 wow they are cheap
aren't they cheap and
cheerful if this guy's got blood rage he
should be all right but I don't know
that he's got blood rage in fact no he's
not going to be all right cuz nothing's
actually killing The Brood Nest genal
aren engaging hot need to go after the
sorcerer let the genal has rip this up
but there's no
VPS this is the problem right now Tex is
winning in the combat but not the VPS
hot blood is going to guard
this yes so he's going to kill this
dreadnut will it get a special nope
demonic summoning oh God they're going
to get the
Decap he's in the
middle yeah he gets that cap kills
another dreadnut who's that oh that's
the tant guard Shield wall that's
annoying kill
the kill the sorcerer blood that has
rotated mid what did they do kill they
just killed turant but I don't think
they'll get the cap because there's a
form back
there horag have being a pain right now
not letting the plague Marine
shoot plague Marines are going to have
to do a lot of shooting if they want to
kill this tant guard I think i' have
gone for the cap in the mid maybe I'd
have tried
it I suppose it doesn't matter Tex is
still in this man he's routed all the
forces from the right hand side and gen
Steelers now capping that natural oh
Teran formation ooh [__] just got got
out of the building in time there you're
talking half a second at most maybe less
maybe a quarter of a second later and
that tyan formation would have wiped the
building and just instakilled the plague
marines that would have been
huge still Triple cap in favor of TCH
he's still got the F back but it's
healing at base hi Terr guarding the
central VP going to be very annoying to
take
out this is where psychic scream would
be quite
helpful and both the forces on each
side's quite dilapitated now at this
point Hon's going to guard the natural
down
here let's see how the gene steal is
fair they're not in synapse range yet
now they're in synapse a little late
Unfortunately they took a bit too much
chip
damage and without synapse they weren't
proc specials cuz they're only they're a
level lower than the blood that is so we
need that synapse
away the enemy so a bit of
mispositioning there from
TCH another dreadn for for packs classic
a have made a bit of a mistake there
over committed too much North and now
he's not actually defending the VP you
can see on the mini map form back is on
route but I don't think he's going to
make it in time yeah he's charging will
he oh oh God very close very close
indeed so obviously you do a little
switch R here hi T onto the VP Farm back
Zone the
enemies again the formb back can't proc
a special on these guys cuz they're
level three level three putting in some
worth
here look how little
damage those missiles doing the Cs
level four
CSM beating up level two home got quite
easily there in melee wow wow WIP them
that's not good now there's nothing to
protect over here but the Rippers can go
into the plague Marines not sure about
the
CSM is being
rain can the saucerer get it come on
Jean
sealers oh war is trying to stop it oh
[__] hell he still got
it so we're still in play Then he
teleports away we've got another cor
dreadn what lior oh lior's a great
choice right
now he got that Mobility with a leap
he's got very good infiltration that
doesn't cost any energy to to use it
just stops him regening and he caps 50%
faster so great unit to run around the
sidelines and constantly pressure this
natural of packs get these final few VPS
that Tex needs right now Gene Steelers
are going to take the central VP looking
good for TCH however
the H tant was routed from the mid so J
are going to have to stay in play he's
trying to cover both edges here I think
the the fall back needs to stay over
here really ripers onto plague Marines
form back Force off the other melee
units cuz yeah now these CSM have sneak
down to the Natural and there's nothing
to take them out that's the problem with
him losing the armors they're only low
HP would have been quite effective if he
still have those Harless to get rid of
them G and warriors prioritizing the
Heretics but they're reinforcing off the
Demonic summoning packs loving that Tech
and it is a good
one I think are they going to be able to
reinforce through the damage they're
going to get
wiped but at this point steers and body
brood are quite badly beaten up canix is
going to gobble up the sorcerer but
plague Mar are going to try and tank
through it lior comes out and deals with
the CSM not sure he didn't use the flesh
hook could have killed the CSM but
there's no VPS left for TCH he's oh no
he's got a lior down here he'll cap fast
enough cuz he caps fast
so it's going to be a one to one
Warriors and gen's rotating I think deex
has won
this has
he [__]
hell yeah he's going to have enough time
he's going to get the Decap before this
caps obviously remember it's faster to
Decap than it is to
cap riers can TP the plague Marines this
is the power of the farm back Farm back
can Tango
Hive tant is not free to cap while those
blood letters around so he has to deal
with them first oh p uh Pax has lost it
God dang what a
game oh my
God absolutely mental ending there so
much melee on either side kudos to pxs
are trying to take the tyranids on in
melee uh but to be honest he kind of
opened up the ability for them to go for
these two very scary builds here
the farm back effects and this pseudo
Farm back kind of effects Hive tarant
variant essentially yeah super scary
awesome to see hope you enjoyed that one
folks that's going to be all from me
today I am signing out
[Music]
a